Let's get started with the first task statement from Domain 1, which is to ingest and store data. This task statement is split into three lessons. Let's start with an overview and talk about the first two steps of the machine learning engineering lifecycle, collecting data and processing data. So after you collect and store your data, you can then begin to process that data. This would be the third step of the well-architected machine learning lifecycle, which is data processing. Let's pause here and go back a bit further for the needed fundamentals and overview for this exam, and talk about the steps of the data engineering lifecycle, which are generation, storage, ingestion, transformation, and serving data. So let's quickly cover the first two steps of the data engineering lifecycle before we talk about collecting and processing data in AWS, which is the focus of this task statement. The first step is generation, which is where the data originates from. So it's your source system such as a database, IoT device, and more. And for the generation stage, the data engineer or the machine learning engineer consumes the data from a source system, but might not control that source system. The second step is storage, which is a focus for this task statement, and the first two steps of the machine learning engineer lifecycle. For this exam, ensure you can choose an appropriate data store to store the data. Also ensure you understand different use cases and different AWS storage services to ingest your data from the source system into AWS, and ensure you understand how to extract that data and ingest and process that data into your machine learning algorithm to train your model. A few questions to ask yourself are, which AWS storage service is best for your use case? What format is the data in? What are the access patterns? Is the data streaming? And does the data need to be merged from multiple sources? Here is a question. "You need to store unprocessed data from IoT devices for a new machine learning pipeline. The storage solution should be a centralized and highly available repository. What AWS storage service do you choose to store the unprocessed data?" For this exam, you need to understand the use cases and trade-offs for the AWS storage services. And for cost optimization, understand the different storage classes of those services and the lifecycle policies. Let's also point out a few keywords in this question, which are "store unprocessed data," "pipeline," and "centralized," and "highly available repository." Do you store the unprocessed data in an Amazon Elastic File System, Amazon EFS, or do you store the data in Amazon S3 and create a data lake for the unprocessed data? You could use Amazon EFS to store the data, but Amazon S3 is a better choice because it has direct integration with other AWS services, such as AWS Glue, Amazon EMR, Amazon SageMaker and more, that you can use to build a machine learning pipeline. And remember that "pipeline" was a keyword. Amazon S3 has a use case for unstructured data, and again, integrates with other AWS services to build your pipeline. Also, another key phrase was unprocessed data. Amazon EFS supports file storage and a use case is scalable data storage. Here's a question. "You are designing a highly scalable data repository for your machine learning pipeline. You need immediate access to the processed data from your pipeline for 6 months. Your unprocessed data must be accessible within 12 hours and stored for 6 years. What is your cost-effective storage solution?" One solution is to set an S3 lifecycle with lifecycle configuration rules that defines actions to store your objects in S3. For this solution, you can store your processed data in an Amazon S3 Standard storage class, create a lifecycle policy to move your processed data into Amazon S3 Glacier after 6 months. And for the unprocessed data, you can create another lifecycle policy to move that data into Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. Let's pause and look at two key phrases for this scenario question. "Immediate access" and "highly available." So for this question, Amazon S3 One-Zone storage class would not be a best-choice answer, because with both of the One-Zone storage class options, your data is only stored in one availability zone. I added a link under additional resources for the S3 storage classes. I also added a link for other AWS storage options that also have lifecycle policies. What if we added another requirement for the storage solution to support SQL querying capabilities? Well, with Amazon S3, you can use Amazon Athena for ad hoc SQL queries. You cannot run SQL queries in Amazon DynamoDB unless you use PartiQL. And for Amazon Redshift, it does support SQL queries, but would not be the best-choice answer. I'm gonna stop this lesson here, and in the next lesson, we will continue talking about task statement 1.1. 
