Let's continue with task statement 1.3, which is to ensure data integrity and prepare data for modeling and talk about strategies to address class imbalances in numeric text and image datasets. 


Which AWS service can you use to help address class imbalances? 


To train a machine learning model, you need a large, high-quality labeled dataset. You can label your data using SageMaker Ground Truth with Ground Truth built-in task types or create your own custom labeling workflow.



 Here's a question: what's the difference between augmented and synthetic data?
 
  Synthetic data is generated data that does not use the original dataset. Data augmentation artificially creates new training data from the existing training data. You can use the SageMaker image classification algorithm and generate more training data using data augmentation techniques. It is a supervised learning algorithm that supports multi-label classification and it uses a convolutional neural network that can be trained from scratch or trained using transferred learning when a large number of training images are not available.
  
  
Here's a question: what is the recommended input format for the SageMaker image classification algorithms? Apache MXNet RecordIO or raw images in .jpg or .png format. You can also use a data augmentation type hyper-parameter to configure your input images to be augmented in multiple ways. In task statement 1.2, we talked about how SageMaker Canvas provides numerous machine learning data transforms to clean, transform, and featurize your data. SageMaker Canvas has built-in transforms, which you can use to transform columns without any code. You can also add custom transformations. Some transforms operate in place while others create a new output column in your dataset. 




Here's a question: what can you do if you need data that is taken at regular intervals? Temporal or time series data usually has observations that aren't taken at regular intervals.

 One solution is to re-sample your data. For example, a dataset could have some observations that are recorded hourly or other observations that are recorded every 2 hours. If you are using a forecasting algorithm, it might require the observations to be taken at regular intervals. Re-sampling helps to establish regular intervals for the data in your dataset. You could either up-sample or down-sample a time series and you can re-sample both numeric and non-numeric data and use the re-sample operation to re-sample your time series data. 
 
 
 
 
 Here's a question: why is it important to randomize training data? 
 Randomizing your data when appropriate is important before training the data and you can split the data into training data and testing data. If we're trying to teach the algorithm to recognize the differences between images of a fish and a manatee and we input the images in groups that are not randomized, starting with the images of a fish, then the algorithm will think everything looks like a fish and the algorithm will be confident. And if we're changing our weights and biases as we're processing through the images, the model will start to have weights and biases that are prejudiced toward the fact that everything looks like a fish and trying to change that inside of the model becomes difficult. But if your data is randomized and you input the images into the model, then the model will see a difference of all of the class types that are in the dataset and each sample image going in will be randomized and it will adjust the weights and biases iteratively as it goes through all of the class types. 
 
 
 
 
 Let's pause and go back to where I stated when appropriate. 
 
 What is an example of when you should not randomize the data? Well, what if you're looking for the relationships between data? An example is if you have a time series dataset of records throughout the day, starting at midnight to midnight the next day. So in this case, you might use a recurrent neural network to load in data points and make a prediction of possible times to turn off your pool's heater based on what has happened in the past. So in this scenario, if you randomize the data, then you lose the context of the data. The ordering of the dataset is important, so you would not randomize the data. For the exam, also ensure you understand why you split the data into training data and testing data. I'm gonna stop this lesson here and in the next lesson we'll continue talking about task statement 1.3. 
