
Let's continue with task statement 1.1, which is to ingest and store data, and pick up where we left off and continue talking about ingesting data. There are many different types of datasets to transform different pieces of data before using that data to train your model. By using the right data structures and algorithms, machine learning engineers can optimize performance, improve scalability, and reduce processing time. Ensure you know which AWS services can work with and store structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. And ensure you know how to model structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data in AWS to choose the appropriate storage and processing options to get valuable insights from different types of data. You can work with unstructured, semi-structured, and structured data formats with your data stored in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena, and query data without the need for data preparation or extract, transform, and load processes. And by using columnar data formats, can help with your schema evolution. You might also consider compression when choosing data formats or using splittable formats. For data ingestion, you might use Lambda to write code that handles data ingestion tasks, such as parsing, transforming, and loading the data into a data warehouse or database. For data processing, you might use Amazon EMR and AWS Glue to write code using programming languages to define data processing jobs. You can use frameworks such as Apache Spark to distribute and parallelize data processing tasks across a cluster of EC2 instances. For real-time data processing, you can use Kinesis and write code to consume and process streaming data. And you can use the AWS SDKs and Kinesis Client Libraries to interact with the data streams. To perform complex data transformations, you can use AWS Glue and write code using the AWS Glue Python-based ETL framework to define transformation logic, such as data cleansing, aggregation, normalization, and schema evolution. For workflow orchestration, you can use AWS Step Functions to build serverless workflows by defining state machines. Then, you can use programming concepts to define the workflow's structure, conditions, and actions. For the exam, ensure you also understand how to use AWS streaming data sources to ingest data, such as Amazon Kinesis, Apache Flink, and Apache Kafka. Here is a question. You are using Amazon Data Firehose delivery stream to ingest GZIP compressed data records from an on-premises application. You need to configure a solution for your data scientist to perform SQL queries against the data stream for real-time insights. What is your solution? One solution is to use the AWS Managed Service for Apache Flink application and a Lambda function to transform the data before it is processed by the SQL code, and then send the data to the application for real-time analysis. Another solution might be to store the data in an S3 bucket and use Amazon Athena to run queries. This would work, but remember, a keyword for this scenario question was real-time. And Athena does not provide real-time insights. Also, Athena cannot consume data directly from the Firehose delivery stream in real-time. Here is another streaming scenario. Can you migrate data to Amazon S3 using AWS Database Migration Service from an on-premises or other supported database sources? Yes, one solution is to use Amazon S3 as a target in an AWS DMS task, and both full load and change data capture data is written to comma-separated value format by default. For more compact storage and faster queries, you can use Apache Parquet as the storage format. And after that data is migrated from AWS DMS to Amazon S3, you can use Amazon SageMaker, which has a faster Pipe mode implementation that accelerates the data transfer speeds for data that is streamed from Amazon S3 into SageMaker. This helps your training jobs start sooner, finish quicker, require less disk space, and reduces your cost to train machine learning models on SageMaker. Let's say that you are a machine learning engineer and you need to process a large amount of customer data, analyze the data, and get insights so that analysts can make further decisions. To accomplish this task, you need to store the data in a data structure that can handle large volumes of data and efficiently retrieve it as fast as possible. What is your solution? One solution is to use Amazon EMR with Hadoop Distributed File System to store the data and then you can process the data to extract insights. You choose the appropriate algorithm, such as the MapReduce algorithm, to process the data in your data processing pipelines. Finally, you optimize the performance of your data processing pipeline by using techniques such as data partitioning, caching, and parallel processing. For this task statement, you also need to understand how to ingest data into Amazon SageMaker Canvas and SageMaker Feature Store. In SageMaker, records are added to your feature groups through ingestion, depending on the use case, storage configuration, and more. Or you can use the Data Wrangler experience in SageMaker Canvas to engineer features and then ingest your features into your Feature Store. After the feature group has been created, you can also select and join data across multiple feature groups to create new engineered features in SageMaker Canvas and then export your dataset to an S3 bucket. Let's pause and check your depth and ask a question. Is there another way to bring your data into Feature Store? Yes, you can also use Amazon EMR for batch data ingestion through an Apache Spark connector. I'm gonna stop this lesson here, and in the next lesson, we'll continue talking about task statement 1.1. 