Let's get started with the second task statement from Domain 3, which is to create and script infrastructure based on existing architectures and requirements. This task statement is split into two lessons. Let's talk about how to apply best practices to ensure your machine learning model is maintainable, scalable, and cost-efficient for your machine learning solutions. Let's start with scalability. SageMaker hosting service offers 100 instance types to host your model. You can choose when to auto scale and how many instances to provision or remove. SageMaker supports three auto scaling options. The first is target tracking. You select the value of an Amazon CloudWatch metric of your choice, such as the average CPU utilization or throughput that you want to achieve as a target, and SageMaker will automatically scale in or scale out the number of instances to achieve the target metric. The second option is to choose step scaling. You create and manage the CloudWatch alarms that initiate the scaling process. When an alarm is breached. Amazon EC2 auto scaling initiates the scaling policy associated with that alarm. The third option is scheduled scaling, which lets you specify a recurring schedule for scaling your endpoint in and out based on anticipated demand. AWS recommends that you combine these scaling options for better resilience. Sometimes, scaling up and down can provide better resilience for some traffic needs and scaling in and out. Here's a question. How do you scale up or down an existing endpoint? You must create a new production variant and shift traffic. For example, if you want a system to handle 1,000 requests per second scale up instead of out, Accelerator instances such as G5 and Inf1 can process higher numbers of requests on a single host. What is the solution if you have unpredictable traffic patterns or you don't want to set up scaling policies? You can use serverless inference for an endpoint and SageMaker manages the auto scaling for you. Serverless inference also integrates with AWS Lambda for high availability, built-in fault tolerance, and automatic scaling. Here's another question. You are using a SageMaker endpoint to predict outcomes. You need to ensure that the SageMaker model scales. What is your solution? One solution is to configure auto scaling on the SageMaker endpoint. When you host a model on SageMaker, you can also configure auto scaling to adjust the number of instances in response to the actual workload. Could you instead use an AWS Inferentia instance? No, AWS Inferentia is designed for accelerating inference workloads at a reduced cost. These instances can offer improved inference performance, but they can have failures due to a surge in a load. SageMaker multi-model endpoints support automatic scaling to help manage replicas of models to ensure model scale based on your traffic patterns. You can also optimize the cost of training your models by using managed spot instances, and for the exam, ensure you understand how to choose metrics for auto scaling. What metrics would you need to monitor for your models? My first thoughts are model latency, CPU utilization, invocations per instance, and explanations per instance. And we've talked about using Amazon CloudWatch to monitor SageMaker. You can build customized dashboards for your CloudWatch metrics that can display multiple metrics and include text and images. I'm gonna stop this lesson here, and in the next lesson, we'll continue talking about task statement 3.2.
