Let's continue with task statement 3.1, 
__which is to select deployment infrastructure based on existing architecture and requirements. As you build compute architectures for machine learning, it is important to understand whether you're dealing with training or inference. If you are doing computer calculations or recognition of imagery, you will need a lot of compute power to train the models, because of the hundreds, thousands, or billions of calculations that are needed. And the processing of these calculations will require compute processing units, graphic processing units, and tensor processing units. And this ties into scaling. So let's talk about some of the aspects of training machine learning models and compute. Ensure you understand how you can use multiple cores and how you can distribute your code among multiple cores. You might need to increase the mini batch size to make use of the available cores. And sometimes, in machine learning, we need to scale vertically and increase the compute size, which increases the number of cores. But horizontal scaling is usually best, because you get more machines, but you need to ensure that the code, framework, and algorithm must support parallel training and running on multiple parallel machines. And this reduces the time to train, but remember that each machine will train a mini batch and they get split between the different machines and different cores. And you also might need to increase the learning rate if you increase the mini batch size. Here's a question. You are training an Apache MXNet model using SageMaker. You want to accelerate this inference workload, but also optimize cost and right size the instance. What is your solution? One solution is to use AWS Inferentia, which is a custom machine learning chip that you can use for high-performance inference predictions. Let's also talk about Amazon Elastic Map Reducer, Amazon EMR. You can use Amazon EMR Studio notebooks, which are managed Jupyter notebooks that you can use as an integrated development environment into the EMR environment to manage the code that runs inside of your EMR cluster. You can run Apache Spark with Python, Scala, or SQL, and you can analyze the data inside EMR from this in-memory perspective. And Amazon EMR with Spark has a library of a code called Spark MLLib. The algorithms are pre-baked into MLLib, and you can use them to train your data that is inside of EMR through Spark. And you can use MLLib to not only train the model, but run the model. And with this design, AWS is supporting this machine learning inside of EMR, but you can also use the SageMaker Spark Library. The SageMaker Spark Library is a specific SDK for your Spark code to interact with the SageMaker services. It can use the k-means algorithm, the principal component algorithm, or XGBoost, which are prebuilt algorithms inside of SageMaker. And you can also extend it out with the estimator model. And if you choose to use SageMaker Spark Library instead of MLLib, you will also not need cluster training and hosted production endpoints, so you do not need to off-size your cluster for the training job you need to complete. And you can host your production endpoints outside of your Amazon EMR cluster and have infrastructure spun up to make inference on your model. AWS Batch is a fully managed service to manage batch compute jobs. And the components of AWS Batch are the compute environments, job queues for prioritization, and job definitions, which are descriptions of what we want the job to look like. The options for AWS Batch compute environments are Fargate and EC2. If you use Fargate as your compute environment, you need to choose the max virtual centralized processing unit, or vCPUs, that you need to have available. If you choose EC2, you can set the maximum, minimum, and desired vCPU, or you can select GPUs. And for both, you can use on-demand instances or spot instances. I'm gonna stop this lesson here. And in the next lesson, we'll continue talking about task statement 3.1.

